.TH "src/Object/VersionChecksumBytes/Address/Address.h" 3 "Fri Nov 9 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/Object/VersionChecksumBytes/Address/Address.h \- 
.PP
Based upon an ECDSA public key and a network version code. Used for receiving bitcoins. Inherits \fBVersionChecksumBytes\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../VersionChecksumBytes.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdbool.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBAddress\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStructure for \fBAddress\fP objects. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAddress\fP * \fBNewAddressFromRIPEMD160Hash\fP (uint8_t *hash, uint8_t networkCode, bool cacheString, void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new \fBAddress\fP object from a RIPEMD-160 hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAddress\fP * \fBNewAddressFromString\fP (\fBByteArray\fP *string, bool cacheString, void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new \fBAddress\fP object from a base-58 encoded string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBAddress\fP * \fBGetAddress\fP (void *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a \fBAddress\fP from another object. Use this to avoid casts. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInitAddressFromRIPEMD160Hash\fP (\fBAddress\fP *self, uint8_t networkCode, uint8_t *hash, bool cacheString, void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialises a \fBAddress\fP object from a RIPEMD-160 hash. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBInitAddressFromString\fP (\fBAddress\fP *self, \fBByteArray\fP *string, bool cacheString, void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialises a \fBAddress\fP object from a base-58 encoded string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBFreeAddress\fP (void *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIFrees a \fBAddress\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Based upon an ECDSA public key and a network version code. Used for receiving bitcoins. Inherits \fBVersionChecksumBytes\fP. 

Here is a diagram of how a bitcoin address is structured created by Alan Reiner, developer of Bitcoin Armory (http://bitcoinarmory.com/):  
.PP
Definition in file \fBAddress.h\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void FreeAddress (void *self)"
.PP
Frees a \fBAddress\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBAddress\fP object to free. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Address.c.
.SS "\fBAddress\fP* GetAddress (void *self)"
.PP
Gets a \fBAddress\fP from another object. Use this to avoid casts. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The object to obtain the \fBAddress\fP from. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBAddress\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Address.c.
.SS "bool InitAddressFromRIPEMD160Hash (\fBAddress\fP *self, uint8_tnetworkCode, uint8_t *hash, boolcacheString, void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Initialises a \fBAddress\fP object from a RIPEMD-160 hash. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBAddress\fP object to initialise. 
.br
\fInetwork\fP A NetworkParameters object with the network information. 
.br
\fIhash\fP The RIPEMD-160 hash. Must be 20 bytes. 
.br
\fIcacheString\fP If true, the bitcoin string for this object will be cached in memory. 
.br
\fIonErrorReceived\fP Events for errors. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true on success, false on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Address.c.
.SS "bool InitAddressFromString (\fBAddress\fP *self, \fBByteArray\fP *string, boolcacheString, void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Initialises a \fBAddress\fP object from a base-58 encoded string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBAddress\fP object to initialise. 
.br
\fIstring\fP The base-58 encoded String with a termination character. 
.br
\fIcacheString\fP If true, the bitcoin string for this object will be cached in memory. 
.br
\fIonErrorReceived\fP Events for errors. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true on success, false on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBAddress\fP* NewAddressFromRIPEMD160Hash (uint8_t *hash, uint8_tnetworkCode, boolcacheString, void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Creates a new \fBAddress\fP object from a RIPEMD-160 hash. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInetwork\fP A NetworkParameters object with the network information. 
.br
\fIhash\fP The RIPEMD-160 hash. Must be 20 bytes. 
.br
\fIcacheString\fP If true, the bitcoin string for this object will be cached in memory. 
.br
\fIonErrorReceived\fP Callback for errors. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new \fBAddress\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 13 of file Address.c.
.SS "\fBAddress\fP* NewAddressFromString (\fBByteArray\fP *string, boolcacheString, void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Creates a new \fBAddress\fP object from a base-58 encoded string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBAddress\fP object to initialise. 
.br
\fIstring\fP The base-58 encoded String with a termination character. 
.br
\fIcacheString\fP If true, the bitcoin string for this object will be cached in memory. 
.br
\fIonErrorReceived\fP Callback for errors. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new \fBAddress\fP object. Returns NULL on failure such as an invalid bitcoin address. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
