.TH "Message" 3 "Thu Oct 11 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Message \- 
.PP
Structure for \fBMessage\fP objects.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Message.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBObject\fP \fBbase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessageType\fP \fBtype\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8_t * \fBaltText\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBByteArray\fP * \fBbytes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8_t \fBchecksum\fP [4]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void(* \fBonErrorReceived\fP )(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessageType\fP \fBexpectResponse\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Structure for \fBMessage\fP objects. 

\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBMessage.h\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Message.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "uint8_t* \fBaltText\fP"For an alternative message: This is the type text. 
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Message.h.
.SS "\fBObject\fP \fBbase\fP"\fBObject\fP base structure 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Message.h.
.SS "\fBByteArray\fP* \fBbytes\fP"Raw message data minus the message header. When serialising this should be assigned to a \fBByteArray\fP large enough to hold the serialised data. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file Message.h.
.SS "uint8_t \fBchecksum\fP[4]"The message checksum. When sending messages using a NetworkCommunicator, this is calculated for you. 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Message.h.
.SS "\fBMessageType\fP \fBexpectResponse\fP"Set to zero if no message expected or the type of message expected as a response. 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Message.h.
.SS "void(* \fBonErrorReceived\fP)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)"Pointer to error callback 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Message.h.
.SS "\fBMessageType\fP \fBtype\fP"The type of the message 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file Message.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
