.TH "Object/Message/Message.c" 3 "Thu Oct 11 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Object/Message/Message.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'Message.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <assert.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessage\fP * \fBcreateNewMessage\fP (void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new \fBMessage\fP object. This message will be created with object data and not with byte data. The message can be serialised for the byte data used over the network. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessage\fP * \fBcreateMessageFromByteArray\fP (\fBMessage\fP *self, \fBByteArray\fP *data, void(*onErrorReceived)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...))"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialises a \fBMessage\fP object from byte data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMessage\fP * \fBgetMessage\fP (void *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a \fBMessage\fP from another object. Use this to avoid casts. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroyMessage\fP (void *message)"
.br
.RI "\fIdestroys the memory allocated to a \fBMessage\fP object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBMessage\fP* createMessageFromByteArray (\fBMessage\fP *self, \fBByteArray\fP *data, void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Initialises a \fBMessage\fP object from byte data. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBMessage\fP object to initialise 
.br
\fIdata\fP The byte data for the object. The data will not be copied but retained by this object. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBMessage\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Message.c.
.SS "\fBMessage\fP* createNewMessage (void(*)(\fBError\fP error, char *,...)onErrorReceived)"
.PP
Creates a new \fBMessage\fP object. This message will be created with object data and not with byte data. The message can be serialised for the byte data used over the network. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI@returns\fP A new \fBMessage\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Message.c.
.SS "void destroyMessage (void *self)"
.PP
destroys the memory allocated to a \fBMessage\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBMessage\fP object to free. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 90 of file Message.c.
.SS "\fBMessage\fP* getMessage (void *self)"
.PP
Gets a \fBMessage\fP from another object. Use this to avoid casts. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The object to obtain the \fBMessage\fP from. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBMessage\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Message.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
