.TH "src/NetworkFunctions.h" 3 "Fri Nov 9 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/NetworkFunctions.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdint.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdbool.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'Constants.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIPType\fP \fBgetIPType\fP (uint8_t *IP)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermines the type of IP, including validity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBisI2P\fP (uint8_t *IP)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermines if an IP address is an GarliCat I2P hidden service representation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBisIPv4\fP (uint8_t *IP)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermines if an IP address is an IPv4 address. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBisTor\fP (uint8_t *IP)"
.br
.RI "\fIDetermines if an IP address is an OnionCat Tor hidden service representation. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIPType\fP getIPType (uint8_t *IP)"
.PP
Determines the type of IP, including validity. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIIP\fP The IP address to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The IP type. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 12 of file NetworkFunctions.c.
.SS "int isI2P (uint8_t *IP)"
.PP
Determines if an IP address is an GarliCat I2P hidden service representation. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIIP\fP The IP address to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the IP address is an I2P address, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 94 of file NetworkFunctions.c.
.SS "int isIPv4 (uint8_t *IP)"
.PP
Determines if an IP address is an IPv4 address. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIIP\fP The IP address to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the IP address is IPv4, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 100 of file NetworkFunctions.c.
.SS "int isTor (uint8_t *IP)"
.PP
Determines if an IP address is an OnionCat Tor hidden service representation. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIIP\fP The IP address to check. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if the IP address is a Tor address, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 103 of file NetworkFunctions.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
