.TH "src/Object/NodeDiscovery/NodeDiscovery.c" 3 "Fri Nov 9 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/Object/NodeDiscovery/NodeDiscovery.c \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'NodeDiscovery.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'assert.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNodeDiscovery\fP * \fBnewNodeDiscovery\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNodeDiscovery\fP * \fBgetNodeDiscovery\fP (void *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIGets a \fBNodeDiscovery\fP from an object. Use this to avoid casts. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinitNodeDiscovery\fP (\fBNodeDiscovery\fP *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIInitializes a \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroyNodeDiscovery\fP (void *self)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestroys an \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBextractIp\fP (char *str1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBgetExtIP\fP (char *dest)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnects to a specified host. IPv4 compatible only!!! \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void destroyNodeDiscovery (void *self)"
.PP
Destroys an \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object to free. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SS "char* extractIp (char *str1)"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SS "char* getExtIP (char *dest)"
.PP
Connects to a specified host. IPv4 compatible only!!! find flags here http://cboard.cprogramming.com/cplusplus-programming/128326-undefined-symbol-when-compiling-socket-program.html 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SS "\fBNodeDiscovery\fP* getNodeDiscovery (void *self)"
.PP
Gets a \fBNodeDiscovery\fP from an object. Use this to avoid casts. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The object to obtain the \fBNodeDiscovery\fP from. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SS "int initNodeDiscovery (\fBNodeDiscovery\fP *self)"
.PP
Initializes a \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIself\fP The \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object to initialize 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
TRUE on success, FALSE on failure. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 45 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SS "\fBNodeDiscovery\fP* newNodeDiscovery (void)"
.PP
Creates a new \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new \fBNodeDiscovery\fP object. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 22 of file NodeDiscovery.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
