.TH "src/Utils/VariableLengthInteger/VarLenInt.h" 3 "Fri Nov 9 2012" "Version 1.0" "Bitcoin" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/Utils/VariableLengthInteger/VarLenInt.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include '../../Object/ByteArray.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include '../../Constants.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBVarLenInt\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVariable length integer specified in Bitcoin protocol. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVarLenInt\fP \fBdecodeVarLenInt\fP (\fBByteArray\fP *bytes, uint32_t offset)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecodes variable size integer from bytes into a \fBVarLenInt\fP structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBencodeVarLenInt\fP (\fBByteArray\fP *bytes, uint32_t offset, \fBVarLenInt\fP varInt)"
.br
.RI "\fIEncodes variable size integer into bytes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVarLenInt\fP \fBcreateVarLenIntFromUInt64\fP (uint64_t integer)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a variable integer from an unsigned 64 bit integer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "uint8_t \fBgetSizeOfVarLenInt\fP (uint64_t value)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the variable integer byte size of a 64 bit integer. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBVarLenInt\fP createVarLenIntFromUInt64 (uint64_tinteger)"
.PP
Returns a variable integer from an unsigned 64 bit integer. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinteger\fP The 64 bit integer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A \fBVarLenInt\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file VarLenInt.c.
.SS "\fBVarLenInt\fP decodeVarLenInt (\fBByteArray\fP *bytes, uint32_toffset)"
.PP
Decodes variable size integer from bytes into a \fBVarLenInt\fP structure. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbytes\fP The byte array to decode a variable size integer from. 
.br
\fIoffset\fP Offset to start decoding from. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The \fBVarLenInt\fP information 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 13 of file VarLenInt.c.
.SS "void encodeVarLenInt (\fBByteArray\fP *bytes, uint32_toffset, \fBVarLenInt\fPvarInt)"
.PP
Encodes variable size integer into bytes. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbytes\fP The byte array to encode a variable size integer into. 
.br
\fIoffset\fP Offset to start decoding from. 
.br
\fIvarInt\fP Variable integer structure to encode. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 45 of file VarLenInt.c.
.SS "uint8_t getSizeOfVarLenInt (uint64_tvalue)"
.PP
Returns the variable integer byte size of a 64 bit integer. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP The 64 bit integer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The size of a variable length integer for this integer. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 82 of file VarLenInt.c.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Bitcoin from the source code.
